lib: edge_impulse: Expand ei_wrapper API (#6013)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Increased number of supported Event Manager events.

* :ref:`ei_wrapper` library:

>   * Expand API to provide: input data sampling frequency, every label used by the machine learning model and result data associated with every label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Expanded API to provide information about input data sampling frequency, every label used by the machine learning model, and results associated with every label.
```
